README.md, before:

# Tasktracker

### Types of tasks
1. Task
2. Subtask
3. Epic

### Each task has fields
1. id
2. Name
3. Description
4. Status

- Subtask knows its Epic.
- Epic knows all its Subtasks

### Statuses of Task 
1. NEW
2. IN_PROGRESS
3. DONE

- Epic changes status only through its Subtasks status change.

### Visualisation of task structure
![img.png](documentation/images/img.png)

## Manager functions:
- Retrieve a list of tasks by type
- Delete all tasks by type
- Retrieve a task by its ID
- Add a task with a unique sequential ID
- Update a task with the correct ID
- Delete a task by its ID
- Retrieve all subtasks of a specific epic

### Status management rules:
- The manager does not choose the status for a task. The status information is provided to the manager along with the task information.
For epics:
- If an epic has no subtasks or all subtasks have the status NEW, the status should be NEW.
- If all subtasks have the status DONE, the epic is considered complete with the status DONE.
- In all other cases, the status should be IN_PROGRESS.

## Additional functions:
- Task view History through History Manager.

Commit message:

feat. sprint 6 solution with use of linked list and hash table for O(1) removal and retrieval history items
* feat: sprint 6 history manager unlimit size with view order

* refact: ManagerTest methods name corrections

* refact: ManagerTest methods name corrections

* refactor: add assert messages for tests

* refactor: corection of test method name in ManagersTest

* refactor: corection of access modifier for constructors with id

* refactor: corection of access modifier for id field to private

* refactor: corection of access modifier constructors in Epic and Subtask

README.md, after:

# Tasktracker

### Types of tasks
1. Task
2. Subtask
3. Epic

### Each task has fields
1. id
2. Name
3. Description
4. Status

- Subtask knows its Epic.
- Epic knows all its Subtasks

### Statuses of Task 
1. NEW
2. IN_PROGRESS
3. DONE

- Epic changes status only through its Subtasks status change.

### Visualisation of task structure
![img.png](documentation/images/img.png)

## Manager functions:
- Retrieve a list of tasks by type
- Delete all tasks by type
- Retrieve a task by its ID
- Add a task with a unique sequential ID
- Update a task with the correct ID
- Delete a task by its ID
- Retrieve all subtasks of a specific epic

### Status management rules:
- The manager does not choose the status for a task. The status information is provided to the manager along with the task information.
For epics:
- If an epic has no subtasks or all subtasks have the status NEW, the status should be NEW.
- If all subtasks have the status DONE, the epic is considered complete with the status DONE.
- In all other cases, the status should be IN_PROGRESS.

## Histoty functions:
- Task view History through HistoryManager.
- Retriving Task from TaskManager add task to history.
- History contains unique tasks with last state.
- History remember the order of task views.
- Add to History and delete from History complexity must be O(1).
